_broadway/girl-from-the-north-country.md, before:

---
title: Girl From the North Country
poster: girl.jpg
header: ''
description: Conor McPherson's acclaimed new work features the music of Bob Dylan.
theater: Belasco Theatre
original_preview: '2020-02-07'
original_opening: '2020-03-05'
preview: '2021-10-13'
opening: '2021-10-13'
closing: ''
tonyaward: false
criticspick: true
tags: 
  - Musical
  - Broadway
trailer: 'https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A1SA1NNhG9A'
website: 'https://northcountryonbroadway.com/'
tickets:
  - highlight: true
    info: 'https://northcountrylottery.com'
    title: $39 Lottery
    type: digitalLottery
  - highlight: false
    info: >-
      Available on the day of the performance at Belasco Theatre box office 10
      AM Monday-Saturday, and, beginning March 15, 12 PM Sunday. Cash or credit
      card. Limit 2 tickets per person. Seat Locations determined at the
      discretion of the box office. Subject to daily availability.
    title: $39 Rush
    type: rush
  - highlight: false
    info: 'https://www.telecharge.com/Broadway/Girl-From-The-North-Country/Ticket'
    title: $49+ Tickets
    type: regular
---

Commit message:

girl from the north country header

_broadway/girl-from-the-north-country.md, after:

---
title: Girl From the North Country
poster: girl-from-the-north-country.jpg
header: girl-from-the-north-country-header.jpg
description: Conor McPherson's acclaimed new work features the music of Bob Dylan.
theater: Belasco Theatre
original_preview: '2020-02-07'
original_opening: '2020-03-05'
preview: '2021-10-13'
opening: '2021-10-13'
tonyaward: false
criticspick: true
tags: 
  - Musical
  - Broadway
trailer: 'https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A1SA1NNhG9A'
website: 'https://northcountryonbroadway.com/'
tickets:
  - highlight: true
    info: 'https://northcountrylottery.com'
    title: $39 Lottery
    type: digitalLottery
  - highlight: false
    info: >-
      Available on the day of the performance at Belasco Theatre box office 10
      AM Monday-Saturday, and, beginning March 15, 12 PM Sunday. Cash or credit
      card. Limit 2 tickets per person. Seat Locations determined at the
      discretion of the box office. Subject to daily availability.
    title: $39 Rush
    type: rush
  - highlight: false
    info: 'https://www.telecharge.com/Broadway/Girl-From-The-North-Country/Ticket'
    title: $49+ Tickets
    type: regular
---
